Because you just said I promised you
What does that mean?
You will
Don't worry, Mr. Li
The nurse has already given Miss Ming the medicine
Miss Ming just fainted from fright
The body is out of the way
I see, you can go down first.
Mr. Li, thank you for saving me again
Just a little effort
You're fine
Are you hungry?
Put it on the table after it's done
Can I feed you?
No, no.
I can do it myself.
I'm afraid you'll get into trouble on the bed.
Zhao Duo has been arrested by the police
He won't trouble you again in the future
Mr. Li always shows up when I'm in trouble
He doesn't seem to be that annoying
Minwei
What do you mean by that?
What words?
Make a wish to tell me when the car drives away
You said I had promised to be responsible for you
I've only said this to reporters
How do you know?
Go away he saved me again
Why don't you tell Li Beixian about that night?